Dolores Albarracin: Hi, pat!
Dolores Albarracin: I think, John Petra, it's too early good to see you.
Dolores Albarracin: How are you doing, Petra?
Petra Teeter 237121: Thank you.
Petra Teeter 237121: It didn't wanna let me in tonight, but it's probably already in like holiday spirit or something.
Dolores Albarracin: You are.
Petra Teeter 237121: No, the-the-, the Internet, I guess.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh!
Petra Teeter 237121: Maybe I was thinking like it's time to stop working for a little bit.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, I know.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: April.
Frank: Hey, guys.
Dolores Albarracin: Hello!
Frank: When it's wrong.
Frank: Yeah.
Frank: where are you?
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, people are gonna be coming in. But.
Frank: I wanna welcome all of you today is our last meeting.
Dolores Albarracin: So I'm excited to see how each of you is doing just making some plans. Sorry!
Dolores Albarracin: What was that?
Dolores Albarracin: Hello.
Dolores Albarracin: Joan!
Dolores Albarracin: I see you're here, but I cannot see you.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank. Are are you having issues.
Frank: Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to get my audio to come out of my headphones.
Frank: And I'm having problems.
Dolores Albarracin: Hi, John, so you're still in California.
Dolores Albarracin: You're muted, I think.
john bianculli: Yeah, I'm leaving on Friday.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, well, that's.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Really soon.
john bianculli: Yeah, agreed.
Dolores Albarracin: How? How-, how does it feel exciting? Not so much scary.
john bianculli: Part exciting, part nervous.
Dolores Albarracin: I mean.
john bianculli: Monday. I have to go back to work.
john bianculli: Monday, Monday.
john bianculli: I have to go back to work. I'm going to a brand new office because they relocated while I was on my leave.
john bianculli: So that's gonna be different, completely, new environment, computer workstation.
john bianculli: That's gonna be different.
Dolores Albarracin: Are. Are you in touch with your colleagues to see how
Dolores Albarracin: that new space is working? Hello.
john bianculli: Oh, yeah, I mean, everybody loves it. I mean, it's, you know, brain spanking new
john bianculli: instead of having 3 smaller monitors. I have one large wraparound.
Dolores Albarracin: Wow!
john bianculli: It's a really nice setup.
Dolores Albarracin: Very nice.
john bianculli: And I. And one thing that some people didn't realize was I wasn't there.
john bianculli: because apparently I had a few pieces of cake on my desk from birthday parties, but.
Dolores Albarracin: That's funny.
john bianculli: Hard to believe. People didn't realize I haven't been there for 2 months, but.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
john bianculli: Oh, well.
Petra Teeter 237121: Normally in an office. You can't keep your own food in the refrigerator without somebody stealing it.
john bianculli: Well, me, I got the exact opposite problem. I got a bunch of food on my desk. Then I'm probably gonna need to dispose of.
Dolores Albarracin: Alright! Welcome, everybody! Hello, Lou!
Frank: Let's see.
Dolores Albarracin: Today, the last meeting.
Frank: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: of our set of 3 meetings. So I'm I'm really interested in in hearing 1st about everything that happened last week. I emailed with
Dolores Albarracin: all of you to some extent, with some in in greater detail, and I know Fang is probably calling anybody who's not here yet to see if they can still make it and and help if and there are any zoom issues.
Dolores Albarracin: So the 1st thing we want to do is, of course, just check how things went.
Dolores Albarracin: So let me start with Lou. You were going to talk with your son about
Dolores Albarracin: the Medicaid number, possibly getting help to locate that. How how did that go?
Lewis: Oh, every everything went okay. I ended up getting in contact with a representative
Lewis: from it after I called the 1 800 number through email, and it gave me their personal number and then
Lewis: schedule for me to go see a doctor, and said that everything was was already situated that they would they'd be sending me a card, so.
Dolores Albarracin: So complete success, when.
Lewis: It's fairly easy.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes. So when when is your doctor's appointment, Lou?
Lewis: Next week, next week, Thursday.
Dolores Albarracin: And this would be like a primary care person to.
Lewis: Yeah, but just like Overall Checkup, because that's what I told him. I was most worried about.
Lewis: Yep.
Lewis: just to make sure that you know I didn't have any problems overall rather than targeting one area or one specific thing.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. So I'm I'm curious what what happened this last week that
Dolores Albarracin: made this a lot, you know, more doable for you. Figuring out this issue.
Lewis: A lot of it, a lot of it.
Dolores Albarracin: For a long time.
Lewis: Yeah. Well, a lot of it is like I said, I end up.
Lewis: I'm an over thinker. So I end up thinking about all my problems together, and rather than trying to solve certain ones or
Lewis: focus on one important thing, then I end up, you know, feeling like I'm overwhelmed by everything.
Lewis: So it was just to take the time to really put the research in. And you know, wasn't. Wasn't that hard at all?
Dolores Albarracin: So so you think it's just prioritizing. Which one do I wanna fix this week.
Lewis: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Can make it easier, more doable.
Lewis: Yup. Then I got good news today that there's a a list, basically for the unhoused.
Lewis: And they give you a 3 month like assistance, you know. They'll pay for 3 months of your rent.
Lewis: or, you know, a deposit.
Dolores Albarracin: That's amazing.
Lewis: I've been on. I've been on the list for probably 6 months now, but one of the guys came to the
Lewis: the the place that I stopped. You say, yeah, I need to talk with you. You got to sign some paperwork. He's like you have. We basically have 90 days. I'll assist you with finding a place. If you hear anything. If you see anything that's in your price range, just let me know, you know, advocate for you and basically explain how the program works to them to make sure that everything is okay.
Dolores Albarracin: That's amazing. So how do you.
Frank: Congratulations.
Morgan Potts: That's awesome.
Lewis: Yup, appreciate it definitely.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes. So I mean, that's that's pretty incredible. So you persist
Dolores Albarracin: with this for a long time to finally be bumped up. And and I guess. Yeah. So that's
Dolores Albarracin: really great.
Lewis: So from here. It's just, you know, setting setting everything to where I know it'll work out like having a job consistent and setting aside time to where I don't feel overwhelmed by the job, and trying to maintain regular life.
Lewis: you know.
Lewis: cause that that'll give me time at least, to like, you know, my, my whole thing is setting schedule for myself and doing things in a an orderly fashion throughout the day I end up doing the same things.
Frank: Interesting.
Lewis: You know. So it just works out that you know, I kind of changed up my program from what I'm doing now to including a job, and then from there having a place to live and maintaining that, and it should work out for me.
Dolores Albarracin: So
Dolores Albarracin: yeah, I want to talk more about the you know what's what's coming next. When, after seeing what everybody did. But I'm curious, did you share the good news? Both? Yeah on. You know the place and on the Medicaid issue with anybody.
Lewis: Well, I told my brother about. You know the housing thing because he's been reaching out to me the most during this time.
Lewis: so I
Lewis: kind of just updated him was like, Yeah, you know, I made it to the top of the list. They had me sign the paperwork, so it's in effect, and I have to. I have to find something and get a job to maintain it. After that 3 months and stuff.
Dolores Albarracin: No.
Dolores Albarracin: What happens in in 3 months, then do they? Can they renew it, or or.
Lewis: And that's that's the problem. They can't guarantee. They can renew it because they have so many people on the list, and they have to keep going down the list and try and help as many people as possible. So you have to use that time. So
Lewis: it has.
Lewis: I know.
Dolores Albarracin: I'll continue.
Lewis: Yeah.
Frank: Yes. Hello.
Dolores Albarracin: Was one day.
Lewis: So I'm just staying positive.
Dolores Albarracin: Was your brother excited, proud? What? What was his reaction?
Lewis: Oh, no, he was. He was really happy because he knew that this this whole thing has been stressing me out and trying to find a solution to it. So
Lewis: on his end, from being stressed out and not being able to help as much as he's able to.
Lewis: you know, or want to. Then you know that that made him feel relieved on the other end. So
Lewis: it's just happy for me overall.
Frank: And telling me that I can. You know I can reach out to them if I need anything. Once everything gets situated.
Dolores Albarracin: Really proud, just only changes you can make in in such a short period.
Lewis: Yup, yup, definitely.
Dolores Albarracin: Pretty, unbelievable.
Lewis: So he needs.
Dolores Albarracin: And to say for the group, others.
Lewis: I'm just. I'm just really excited for you, man. I mean, I know that that
Frank: Housing is top priority. And it can be really difficult to get into something. Anything. I mean, 3 months is huge. So that's that's amazing.
Lewis: Appreciate it.
Morgan Potts: Congratulations, Lou. I'm so happy for you.
Lewis: Oh, thank you. I appreciate it.
Lewis: Yep.
Lewis: But overall it'll work out. There's, you know, stuff I gotta work out because of this is like, I gotta make sure everything else
Lewis: falls into place like it's supposed to. So I got some work to do. But I'm positive about it.
Dolores Albarracin: Wonderful. So I wanna ask, John how how things went you were looking into potentially
Dolores Albarracin: get a new sponsor at least talking when when your California one about what's next? Yeah.
john bianculli: Correct.
Dolores Albarracin: Cisco.
john bianculli: Yeah, that's what I mean. That's what I'm working on next. I
john bianculli: they're kind of saying that the hotel is not the best place to be at.
john bianculli: Yeah, they were trying to say they're trying to do sober living, but
john bianculli: I mean my health insurance called me. They said they were going to try to find something. But
john bianculli: I mean, unfortunately, the
john bianculli: you have to be really careful with sober houses you get into. Some of them are really bad.
Dolores Albarracin: How how so.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, there are bad neighborhoods, people relapsing in the houses thinking here.
john bianculli: I mean, the one house had a drug dealer right across the street from it.
Morgan Potts: Oh, that's awesome!
john bianculli: I mean, I'm trying not to be in those situations.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you have any?
john bianculli: And the ones in better neighborhoods. They're hard to locate.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you have family, or, or.
Dolores Albarracin: you know, long, long time friends in Pittsburgh or.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, I do have family.
john bianculli: I do have friends, but nobody with the spare couch, if that's what you mean.
john bianculli: So yeah, so I mean the hotel. The hotel is about
john bianculli: the only thing I could come up with at this point hopefully. Once I get to Pittsburgh.
john bianculli: I'll be able to hit the pavement, maybe do a little better
john bianculli: trying to do this remotely from California. It hasn't worked out well.
Dolores Albarracin: How about a a convent of sorts?
Dolores Albarracin: What do you mean?
Dolores Albarracin: I mean some sort.
john bianculli: Oh! Religious!
Dolores Albarracin: Institution.
john bianculli: Well, whenever I get home
john bianculli: those are things I'm gonna have to look up. I mean, I know meetings in the area.
john bianculli: But consider, I don't know exactly what I mean. I
john bianculli: I'm not certain exactly what area I'm going to be in. So I mean, I kind of have a general idea.
john bianculli: I know where the meetings are, the churches and all that. I kind of haven't solidified any of that yet.
Dolores Albarracin: Perhaps one of the churches can connect you with somebody who maybe they want to rent
Dolores Albarracin: part of their house, or or, you know, cottage or something temporarily.
john bianculli: Yeah, David, yeah, I mean, the places I did check into their big hangup was the credit score.
Dolores Albarracin: Is where sorry.
Dolores Albarracin: So I mean the credit score. A lot of them wouldn't take you if you didn't have a score below 600.
john bianculli: I mean the one with 6 50,
john bianculli: which I thought was a bit ridiculous, expecting that they were on a list for people coming out of rehab.
john bianculli: How many people coming out of Rehab have a 6 50 credit score? Not many.
Frank: I know what you mean. That's that's not very practical.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean, the one organization actually took a couple of the people that I tried calling off the list.
Frank: That's.
john bianculli: Because, yeah, I I mean 6 50 credit score coming out of rehab isn't realistic.
Frank: Access the door.
Dolores Albarracin: So, for now it's you're going into the hotel and.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Figuring things out and.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean, I paid off one of my credit cards in a collection account.
john bianculli: The problem, though, is that they expunged it from my credit report, which actually lowered my score instead of raising it.
john bianculli: if they would have marked it as paid.
john bianculli: it probably would help my score, but instead they expunged it, which then lowered my score.
Dolores Albarracin: Can they fix it?
john bianculli: I don't know. I'm gonna have to try to call them again.
john bianculli: to try to put it back on as a paid collection rather than just taking it off.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So
Dolores Albarracin: you have at least a place a place to be in. And are you thinking of daily meetings, or or how are you gonna counter the possibility that the hotel might not be ideal. But you know that's.
john bianculli: Well, I mean for the time being. I mean, I'm going to have to make it work. I don't have a choice.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
john bianculli: But I mean one way to look at it.
john bianculli: I mean, one way to look at it, though, is I'm not gonna have to worry about furniture utilities
john bianculli: because they'll be in a hotel room.
Dolores Albarracin: Exactly. Yes, yeah, that's very true.
Dolores Albarracin: And.
john bianculli: And I mean it's not that much.
john bianculli: I mean it. It was actually less expensive than the rent I was paying.
john bianculli: I mean, I was paying 1,600 a month.
john bianculli: This place is gonna work out to a little over 1,200.
Dolores Albarracin: So you'll save some money and and.
john bianculli: A little bit. Yeah, compared to an apartment.
Morgan Potts: Hey? Look at it
Morgan Potts: way you got a maid that'll come in and make your bed every day. There's worse possible ways.
john bianculli: Hey! There you go!
Morgan Potts: We're saying.
john bianculli: Yeah. Well, plus to the place has a kitchenette. It's a.
Morgan Potts: Oh!
john bianculli: And stay.
john bianculli: I mean, those are actually pretty decent. I've I've stayed in them before.
john bianculli: Yeah, I used to travel for a living, and I would spend a month down in Florida
john bianculli: selling jewelry. So usually during that time period.
john bianculli: Yeah, extended. Stay, you rent them by the month. That that's how I knew to.
john bianculli: I found one in the Pittsburgh area.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent. So what's happening with the sponsor at Pittsburgh?
john bianculli: Nothing as of yet. I mean.
john bianculli: I'm gonna see them. Whenever I get back to Pittsburgh.
john bianculli: I mean, there's hasn't been any communication in on my end or there. So yeah, I'm kind of surprised.
Dolores Albarracin: Out there. Sure.
john bianculli: Kind of let people disappear, but.
Dolores Albarracin: Can you continue with the one in Florida, in in California?
john bianculli: For a while. He's yeah. Yeah. I mean, because whenever he he kind of like the temporary concept, because he already had other people that he was
john bianculli: sponsoring.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, when what does the group think of his current plan?
Dolores Albarracin: How he's managing all of this ideas, thoughts.
Morgan Potts: Well.
Frank: That's what you got, dude. I'm sorry I didn't mean to interrupt you. I'm sorry.
Frank: No, it's fine. I was just gonna say I I know how difficult it can be to to try to get into a place that's good for getting out of rehab, because a lot of those like sober houses like you said can be in really bad neighborhoods. They don't make it very easy for addicts to
Frank: Unfortunately. So I think I think it's a good idea to stay in a
Frank: a hotel as long as it's not one of those like grungy, like, you know.
Frank: I stayed in one in in Vegas that was really just in a awful neighborhood. I think if it's a a decent hotel that you're staying in while you look for something else. I think it's a good idea.
Dolores Albarracin: And you'll have work to keep you grounded right. I mean that.
john bianculli: So, yeah, yeah, I mean, I like, I have
john bianculli: be back to work that following Monday.
Dolores Albarracin: And it's it's in banking. You said right.
john bianculli: Yeah, yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you going back to exactly the same.
john bianculli: Same schedule, same position.
Dolores Albarracin: So other than.
john bianculli: Same title.
Dolores Albarracin: We knew all of that is familiar.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean, all of that's gonna be familiar. Just that the location changed
john bianculli: and my computer changed like, literally, everything's brain spanking new.
Dolores Albarracin: Alright. Well, it it seems like you're really continuing. Yeah, with all all the steps and and making the best of of everything so
Dolores Albarracin: kudos to you for all of this. It's it's really wonderful.
Dolores Albarracin: So yeah, yeah, did you want to say anything else? Anything else.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, the job was what kind of kept me grounded that I I didn't lose my job. I might have lost my housing, but I didn't lose my job.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, I don't.
john bianculli: No.
Dolores Albarracin: What do you make of that like the job is is the
Dolores Albarracin: really central thing for you, I guess. Yeah.
john bianculli: Well, yeah, I mean, that's the other thing, too. I've worked there for 11 years.
john bianculli: So I have a lot of a lot of my friends, our coworkers.
Krystal: See.
Dolores Albarracin: Are they support?
john bianculli: I mean.
Dolores Albarracin: Are they aware of what's going on? Not so much.
john bianculli: 2 people, 2 people. Yes, everybody else knows.
Dolores Albarracin: So so are you able to rely on on the 2 who know to at least
Dolores Albarracin: spend more time or emotional support.
john bianculli: I mean, probably partial support, not full.
Krystal: Okay.
john bianculli: But I mean at least I have something in place rather than nothing.
Dolores Albarracin: Right? Yeah, yes, you're definitely
Dolores Albarracin: among the very few fortunate enough to not have lost their job in the process.
Krystal: So.
Dolores Albarracin: That's really.
john bianculli: You haven't.
john bianculli: 4 day a week. Schedule is a blessing and a curse
john bianculli: just due to the fact of the 4 day weekends. Whenever there's a holiday.
john bianculli: You could definitely kind of get yourself into trouble and be sober by Monday, you know.
Dolores Albarracin: Can you go? Can you go to the office during weekends, or or is it.
john bianculli: Yeah, yeah, I can actually do overtime.
john bianculli: So I mean, I learned every department. So I mean.
john bianculli: I'm allowed to do up to 20 h of overtime, a week.
Dolores Albarracin: I've owned every department
Dolores Albarracin: just hanging out, hanging out in the office, even if you're not necessarily working yourself, you know, into the ground. But.
john bianculli: Well, the new office. They have a Gym membership that you pay $75 a year for.
Dolores Albarracin: Hmm.
john bianculli: So the gym area you can hang out in.
Krystal: But.
Dolores Albarracin: That's great, and you're staying when you're
Dolores Albarracin: healthy diet. And all this effort, yeah.
john bianculli: Yeah. Still doing a walk every day.
Dolores Albarracin: So something is happening with Crystal. So she's telling me that.
john bianculli: She was unable to participate.
Dolores Albarracin: Talk crystal.
Dolores Albarracin: So it's okay. It's okay for us. If you cry.
Krystal: Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Did we lose her?
Dolores Albarracin: I think so.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so, pat, how did things go when you're exercise?
Dolores Albarracin: You're muted.
Patricia Renaud: There we go, going very well.
Patricia Renaud: I was really motivated like Tuesday night, right after the meeting, so I jumped on the treadmill. I actually did.
Dolores Albarracin: Fire!
Patricia Renaud: Just a regular pace, you know. 30 min, and I did like a mile. So
Patricia Renaud: I've been doing that every other day.
Patricia Renaud: and I'm you know, walking outside in between those days. So keeping a journal.
Patricia Renaud: My next plan is to eat better cutting down on salt
Patricia Renaud: with the holidays. That's a real good motivator to.
Patricia Renaud: you know. Watch what I eat and keep exercising, and
Patricia Renaud: I put a picture of the grandkids on the treadmill, and that's my motivator. Every time I look at it, you know, that's what I'm working for. So it's going really. Well.
Dolores Albarracin: How many times did you work out.
Patricia Renaud: I do every other day.
Dolores Albarracin: Wow!
Dolores Albarracin: I'm not pushing it, you know, to do every day, and then it gets to the point where you'd get tired of it real fast, so
Dolores Albarracin: pretty, I mean every other day is pretty amazing.
Patricia Renaud: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: So how does it feel? When do you feel a sense of accomplishment? What what does it bring.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I'm a sense of accomplishment.
Patricia Renaud: I sleep better. I have more energy.
Patricia Renaud: A lot of positive things.
Patricia Renaud: I look forward to it. It's 1 thing I really look forward to. It.
Dolores Albarracin: Wow! Are you doing it at night, or or.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah,
Patricia Renaud: Usually after work. I'm off for 2 weeks now for vacation. So
Dolores Albarracin: Very nice, so you'll do more, more.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: Yep. I want to work up to maybe like a mile and a half on that time off.
Patricia Renaud: And then, after that, gradually, you know, work my way up to
Patricia Renaud: 2, 3 miles, if that's you know, feasible.
Patricia Renaud: which I'm sure it will be
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, we'll we'll come back to to this. I wanna 1st review everything we talked about last week. So did you share this with anybody that you had started to work out the process or anything? And- and were they? What was their reaction.
Patricia Renaud: I got my fiance on board actually, too. You know.
Patricia Renaud: he's diabetic. So he wants to eat better and start exercising, so we can hold each other accountable.
Patricia Renaud: which is nice.
Patricia Renaud: I think that'll be more successful. That you have a partner that you can, you know.
Patricia Renaud: rely on. If there's a bad day, and they could pick you up.
Patricia Renaud: Basically.
Dolores Albarracin: Your success actually motivated him.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: As well.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you tell anybody else.
Patricia Renaud: Friends at work.
Patricia Renaud: Hopefully. I'm motivating them as well, you know, just trying to help everybody stay healthier.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, a role model.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: For others.
Dolores Albarracin: That's wonderful.
Patricia Renaud: Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: And it's right. I don't.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, that's something good.
Dolores Albarracin: That's right. You didn't have anything. It always seems.
Petra Teeter 237121: Oh, no, no, no! I have stuff. Don't get me.
Dolores Albarracin: You don't bring it up here.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, I've been dealing with this for like 16, almost 18.
Patricia Renaud: 16 to 18 years.
Dolores Albarracin: The pain.
Petra Teeter 237121: I try. Yeah, I try not to accept it, but it is has become part of my life.
Petra Teeter 237121: I just have to deal with it.
Petra Teeter 237121: I will occasionally, when I have an idea like this group, I'm getting to it.
Petra Teeter 237121: So you all gave me this idea of this.
Petra Teeter 237121: So here's my problem with my pain. It's if I could just
Petra Teeter 237121: constantly keep moving and never stop
Petra Teeter 237121: doesn't have to be running. I'm just saying like a fast walk or something. Then my pain
Petra Teeter 237121: level goes down.
Petra Teeter 237121: It just did so that's what I'm standing on.
Dolores Albarracin: And the pain. The pain is where again.
Petra Teeter 237121: It.
Petra Teeter 237121: It is mainly the back and going
Petra Teeter 237121: specifically into both hips and down. We're, you know, we're in the legs.
Dolores Albarracin: Chaotic type, thing.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah. But it's yeah.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's it's that area exactly. Often, it just starts really bad here, gives me all sorts of health issues.
Petra Teeter 237121: That.
Patricia Renaud: Have you ever tried.
Petra Teeter 237121: What's that?
Patricia Renaud: I'm sorry. Have you ever tried chiropractic.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, did it. I
Petra Teeter 237121: I mean, I don't want to say I've tried it all. But you all, if you have an idea, bring it up because I'm open. I have tried it.
Petra Teeter 237121: There's nothing wrong with it. I think it's a great idea, and I've seen it help my husband for other issues.
Petra Teeter 237121: but it doesn't help me with mine. So I bought this little elliptical, I think Morgan brought it up for Patricia, one of you.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I saw it on one of those super deals. And I thought, Okay, this is it. That's what I'm on.
Petra Teeter 237121: And it took a little bit of
Petra Teeter 237121: just getting used to it. I had to pay attention because most of them are made for somebody who sits
Petra Teeter 237121: and and just move their legs. I needed one for my standing desk.
Petra Teeter 237121: So I'm actually standing. And I can go, you know.
Petra Teeter 237121: get some exercise in, or I can just wiggle is what I call it.
Petra Teeter 237121: And so that helps me
Petra Teeter 237121: It was so funny. It arrived.
Petra Teeter 237121: and my younger son came home, and he was instantly. Oh, my God, mom, you've got something new going on. He dropped everything. Just put it together. I was like, There you go.
Petra Teeter 237121: Oh, okay.
Dolores Albarracin: So was it. Was it at all helpful.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, it's a little bit. I'm not saying I don't have pain, and I still have to go. Lay down and sleep with that pain. But it's
Petra Teeter 237121: I do 75% of my work on the computer.
Petra Teeter 237121: And it had gotten really hard.
Petra Teeter 237121: And it's just like, I can't really
Petra Teeter 237121: show that I'm in pain, and I have got it. And it's also it's affecting my brain because it it's just focused on the pain and not
Petra Teeter 237121: what I need to think of.
Petra Teeter 237121: And so it's it just helps a little bit.
Dolores Albarracin: I don't know.
Petra Teeter 237121: And I'm and I have to get used to it still, because it's you know it's a little wiggly and
Petra Teeter 237121: but it, you know every little bit. If if I can find 20 things that all help a little bit.
Petra Teeter 237121: it'll come 2 big one in. It
Petra Teeter 237121: may not fix itself, but if I can control it
Petra Teeter 237121: makes me happy. So small step I take any small step.
Dolores Albarracin: And do you have like this problems or.
Petra Teeter 237121: No.
Dolores Albarracin: Or 3 digits.
Dolores Albarracin: It's not.
Petra Teeter 237121: Medical. That's just it, I know.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, then.
Petra Teeter 237121: Pain. Medication doesn't help. It just turns me into a vegetable, and I don't even know where I am.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I still feel the pain so.
Dolores Albarracin: It seems like exercise is the way, yeah. And and do you want to lose weight, too, or no?
Petra Teeter 237121: Oh, yes, please.
Petra Teeter 237121: I have always exercised a lot, I think, since I was maybe 11 years old I was a big big runner.
Petra Teeter 237121: and then with the pain it just really like taking that away from me is is was
Petra Teeter 237121: a big part of my life.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Elliptical idea, then, was really, really good.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, kind of fit with. Yes.
Petra Teeter 237121: So thank you. To this group.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, thanks.
Petra Teeter 237121: Things have little things, matter.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. So Morgan was another group member who wanted to go to the gym and work. How was that.
Morgan Potts: I went.
Morgan Potts: I drug myself in there. I didn't stay very, very long. I did about 20 min, but you know.
Dolores Albarracin: Thank you.
Morgan Potts: It's better than 0.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, yeah. The plan was 10 min, I think, or something. Really. Yeah. Low key. Initially.
Morgan Potts: Yes, ma'am.
Dolores Albarracin: So did you go one time, right after work.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, I went Monday, after work and
Morgan Potts: it was. It was okay. It wasn't exactly enjoyable. But you know, like we said once, you just get in there, you do feel better. So
Morgan Potts: After the holidays are over with. Hopefully, I can
Morgan Potts: increase a little bit more. Just
Morgan Potts: kind of right now. It's not exactly terribly motivating. I'm sure you can all can understand that.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, that's how I feel about exercise. Typically.
Petra Teeter 237121: I am the only one in here who actually wants or likes it and is camp. The kills her.
Lewis: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Another, one.
Lewis: I I do ride a bike everywhere I go. I don't have a license, so I'm right there.
Petra Teeter 237121: There you go! Good for you! That's your that's your German lifestyle. I like it. I wished I could.
Dolores Albarracin: Good for you.
Dolores Albarracin: Morgan is back.
Dolores Albarracin: So Morgan.
Morgan Potts: Sorry about that. I don't know what happened.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, well, you're probably, you know you're driving. So the connection.
Morgan Potts: Sorry.
Dolores Albarracin: Not be so great. But
Dolores Albarracin: tell me, you said well, it wasn't enjoyable. I mean what? What was the worst part.
Morgan Potts: Well, I did the dragging myself in. There was the worst part, but you know, after I was done with, I felt better. I really did I? Just you know it's dark. It's been a long day. It's Monday, too. You just want to go home. But I did it.
Morgan Potts: and I did feel better about myself after it, so
Morgan Potts: so I'm glad that I went.
Dolores Albarracin: Did you share with anybody that you had done this.
Morgan Potts: I mentioned it to my mom.
Dolores Albarracin: You know.
Morgan Potts: And of course, and of course you know your mom being your mom, I mean
Morgan Potts: honey, like I could have won the Pulitzer prize, and it would have been like equally the same thing. So
Morgan Potts: she was very glad that I went.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, yeah, a lot of successes.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, ma'am.
Dolores Albarracin: How was your week?
Frank: It was okay I had quite a few appointments and things, and but I guess the biggest thing that I've been dealing with is my one of my dogs is sick to the point where you know, talking
Frank: about putting them down fairly soon. So that's
Frank: upsetting. So I've I've been trying to, you know, kind of spend as much time as possible with him and
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Is he your only pet.
Frank: No, I have 2 dogs, and and it's kind of a bummer, too, because, the they're 2 dogs and they're they're like best friends. You know what I mean. They they sleep in the kennel together, and they're they're always together. They've been together since, you know, 1 6 months old. So
Frank: It's going to be a loss for the other dog, too.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, that sounds pretty terrible.
Dolores Albarracin: Who who is able to support you or give you some comfort.
Frank: I I mean my my partner, you know. She's gonna be aching as much, too, you know, from from the loss of. my grandma knows how much I you know
Frank: love my pets and you know she'd be there, and I have, you know, some some other friends that know. You know everybody knows that I love my pets. It's not a secret, so
Frank: You know I do have
Frank: some support. My sponsor as well. You know he's a big animal guy himself. So
Frank: he understands, too. And they all kinda know that I'm
Frank: going through this right now, because we just got some blood work back from him this past week. So
Frank: it's just not looking very good.
Dolores Albarracin: Well.
john bianculli: Well, one thing you may want to try to do is cherish all the time you have with her.
Morgan Potts: Maybe try to pamper, cook her a meal.
john bianculli: Just try to treat her the best you can, so that
john bianculli: at least the 2 of you have good memories from for the time that you do have with her.
Frank: Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm I'm already having to kind of
Frank: cook his food for him because
Frank: he's not eating dog food anymore. So, but you know I give him treats as much as he'll eat them, and as much snuggling. He's not really a snuggler, but I try so, but just kind of doing everything that he wants to do.
Dolores Albarracin: And in the last week was your plan to try to exercise with Lisa.
Frank: Oh, no! It was to do the the pt
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, yes, yes.
Dolores Albarracin: Exercises. Yeah.
Frank: It didn't happen. I'm I'm not gonna sit here and say that it did
Dolores Albarracin: Of course. Yes.
Frank: I've just been kind of a a wreck. I haven't really
Frank: wanted to do a whole lot of physical. Usually when I get like a a
Frank: down or depressed. I don't really want to be physical, even though I know that being physical can can
Frank: make you feel better. It's just. I know that intellectually I just can't put it into practice.
Dolores Albarracin: So I guess what.
Frank: What you want is now.
Dolores Albarracin: Not the Pt. But something that allows you to feel better emotionally.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe making peace with, you know, and it
Dolores Albarracin: dog being at this this stage.
Frank: Yeah, I know there's I mean there's support groups for everything, you know. So
Frank: You know, when I
Frank: I've dealt with plenty of grief in my life and and found grief support groups to be helpful.
Frank: I haven't looked into any for loss of a pet, but I'm sure they're out there.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you think this this is something that's going to
Dolores Albarracin: be prolonged, or or or sort of a matter of days, or.
Frank: I'm not sure honestly. I just
Frank: I get you know my my pets are like family and
Morgan Potts: So.
Frank: It's not just gonna be a couple of days. It it!
Frank: That'll be longer than that. I just I don't know. I don't know how long it's I can't
Frank: know that, really. But it! It won't just be a couple of days, for sure.
Dolores Albarracin: Not the whole process of of grief. Yeah. But but you know the this actual acute situation. Yeah. And what.
Frank: Oh!
Dolores Albarracin: To decide.
Frank: I mean, I know that the last last dog that I had that passed. I
Frank: didn't really even leave the bed for a week. So I
Frank: I don't know if it's gonna follow along those lines, or or what.
john bianculli: Are you gonna let nature take its course, or are you gonna
john bianculli: have her put to sleep? Which way did you think of which
john bianculli: direction. You want to go on that.
Frank: Yeah, I mean, I don't. I don't want him to be in a lot of pain. So if he, you know, gets to the point where he's not eating, or if he's not able to walk or you know, if I just see that he's just really miserable, then I'm we're gonna put him down.
Frank: That's correct.
Morgan Potts: I'm so sorry to hear that, Brent. You got a lot going on recently, and
Morgan Potts: I've had to do the same thing with my fuzzy best friend, so I'll be thinking about you over the holidays. Dude.
john bianculli: Yeah, me, too. As well. Sorry to hear sorry to hear that you're going through that in the holidays. I mean, any time of the year is bad, but
john bianculli: having to happen during the holiday season, it makes it more rough.
Frank: Appreciate it.
Lewis: Yeah, I was. I was, gonna say, I was away at school when the dog that I basically known since I was 10,
Lewis: went through. You know his situation to where my dad had to make the decision. So I was kind of upset that I wasn't even notified.
Lewis: So being able to have that that time to, you know, cherish what
Lewis: you know. Your friendship and everything that you guys have been through is, you know, the best thing that you can get out of it.
Lewis: and just try and keep that with you as much as possible.
Frank: Sure. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Are there family members or friends who could do a little bit of caretaking for you?
john bianculli: It's done.
Frank: So.
Dolores Albarracin: For your partner, too. It seems like he's all.
Frank: Yeah, I I think that.
Frank: I don't really have a lot of like local friends, so I don't know about.
john bianculli: That's probably.
Frank: People being able to like come over and do anything but
john bianculli: I think just.
Frank: Inviting me.
john bianculli: No, I don't.
Frank: I don't know.
john bianculli: You know, they're just.
Frank: Caller.
john bianculli: You know what.
Frank: Reaching out by text.
Frank: It's just showing they're thinking of me helps enough, you know.
john bianculli: It's all packed up for it for you later.
Lewis: To have people like that.
john bianculli: Hearing, some
Dolores Albarracin: In a conversation in the background, but I don't know where it's coming.
john bianculli: Apologize. Some of my housemates are men in the room.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, okay, just yeah. Just mute yourself. For a love. It.
john bianculli: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: They are around so we can.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, so well. The next question, which is difficult for you, France specifically is, is, Well, what's
Dolores Albarracin: what's our future for the next 2 or 3 months. So no, not a very long term future, but sort of preparing for for what's coming, and
Dolores Albarracin: also thinking, how connected do we want to stay with this group, since we're not gonna be having
Dolores Albarracin: having these formal meetings. But it doesn't mean you cannot Zoom Meetings if you want.
Dolores Albarracin: Hmm!
Frank: Sure.
Dolores Albarracin: So yeah, maybe maybe you can speculate. You know
Dolores Albarracin: what you might want to see.
Frank: I mean.
john bianculli: We want to maybe try to pick a like, maybe a Saturday.
john bianculli: because most people, you know, have to work during the week
john bianculli: and maybe doing them occasionally. Groups on the weekends
john bianculli: might not be such a bad idea. We have the app
john bianculli: that we can still keep connected through.
Dolores Albarracin: Absolutely, and we could definitely help with
Dolores Albarracin: the meetings on on the schedule for you. So then you have no time. Limitation.
john bianculli: You work today. So funny, we can do.
Dolores Albarracin: But
Dolores Albarracin: because for you, Frank, in the next 2 or 3 months, what would you like to see for you.
Dolores Albarracin: you know, wouldn't, wouldn't feeling better mood, wise, be sort of top priority.
Frank: Yeah, I I think that
Frank: You know if- if
Frank: you know he does wind up if I do wind up losing him. You know, in that
Frank: period of time that yeah, just being able to kind of
Frank: work through the grief is going to be a top priority. But if not, you know, just being able to spend.
Frank: you know, quality time with him. And it's gonna be important for me. With this group, though I think that
Frank: the online platform. I haven't been as active on it this
Frank: past week because I would have liked to. But I think that that's a good way for us to interact and
Frank: and also on. If we had meetings, the the only thing I would. I guess.
Frank: Think about with these with these meetings is
Frank: how they would look if we didn't have moderation.
john bianculli: What do you mean? A moderator to.
Frank: To kind of like Pradas, you know.
john bianculli: Well, I mean we could well, I mean we could inspire each other.
Frank: I mean, I know we're all adults, and we could. All you know, do that. I just
john bianculli: Yeah.
Frank: It'd be interesting to see how it looked.
Dolores Albarracin: How are you?
john bianculli: Well, I mean, we could in the chat
john bianculli: maybe put, hey, what do you guys want to talk about this week?
john bianculli: And maybe then we could
john bianculli: pick 2 or 3 things out of the list, so that we stay on point and have a structured group.
Frank: Sure.
Dolores Albarracin: Like an agenda.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, or one of you could moderate one week. Yeah.
john bianculli: No, we can alternate. If people want to do that.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, so frank in in terms of
Frank: Working through your grief. Let's assume the worst. Yeah, what.
Dolores Albarracin: What works for you to go through the process as quickly and harass, you know painlessly as possible.
Frank: My therapist is is
Frank: is a she helps me with with a lot of things, and I could see her being a huge support for for this, and she usually gives me good ideas of of like how to
Frank: just deal with my stuff sometimes that I don't always know the best ways to cope, because I've used drugs a lot for that in the past. So learning to deal with things in other ways
Frank: kind of immersing myself more into my my hobbies and my
Frank: my website. And you know, just
Frank: putting my efforts into something that is is positive
Frank: keeps my mind off of it from being obsessed with the grief.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you do it? Do you meditate, or or anything religious or spiritual.
Frank: I have a spiritual practice, and I you know I I do, chanting and and meditating. But like I said, it's it's it can be tough for me to to kind of.
Dolores Albarracin: Get to do it.
Frank: Get to do it. I do have a
Frank: religious service that I attend every other week. I don't go every week because I don't want to get burnout, but the folks there are another
Frank: way that I could potentially get some support too.
Dolores Albarracin: So it seems like talking with others. Is.
Dolores Albarracin: The most effective way for you. Right?
Frank: Yeah, I would say so.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. So could you plan? Maybe.
Dolores Albarracin: uncle, a day with somebody, maybe even somebody from this group.
Frank: Yeah, yeah, I mean, that's that's a that's a
Frank: reasonable suggestion. And I think I have. You know,
Frank: people that would like to hear from me. You know what?
Frank: Not necessarily to talk gloom, doom, and gloom, but you know, like to
Frank: People that just would want to chat, and that kind of gets my mind off of things.
Dolores Albarracin: But would it be an another thing that you just cannot get yourself to to do, or or is is.
Frank: I think that's that's usually manageable, you know.
Frank: I I can't see that as being something that's too difficult to do.
Frank: it's it's usually more stuff that I have to kind of be more self directed about like website work, or any of my
Frank: you know, hobbies that I do that are self motivated, like, you know, riding my bike and all that stuff can.
Frank: I can kind of talk myself out of it.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so may maybe planning a
Dolores Albarracin: 10 min check in with somebody every day.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, talk can be helpful.
Frank: Yeah. And and then, too, like, if I if I let the person know ahead of time, hey, I'm gonna give you a call then I'll have to have like an appointment. But, like you know, let them know that kind of puts me on the hook for it, so I don't like to, you know, disappoint people or let people down. So. That's another way. A motivator. To get me to actually go through with it, and not like, make excuses not to.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, that sounds like a reasonable plan, maybe 3 days a week, and and whenever you're feeling particularly down and and
Dolores Albarracin: like not doing anything. Then the phone call.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: So, John, how about you? The next 2 or or 3 months you have
Dolores Albarracin: a lot going on, and we've talked about some of it. But
Dolores Albarracin: how do you see this playing out? And and what are your main objectives?
john bianculli: Well, 1st of all, try to keep up with the exercise, and some of the healthy habits that I picked up here.
john bianculli: Try not to go back to my old ways.
john bianculli: I'm gonna have to sort out
john bianculli: friends to keep friends to maybe disassociate from.
john bianculli: I mean one thing, this was kind of a nice escape, just due to the fact of
john bianculli: I got to take myself out of that situation. Now I'm going back into it.
john bianculli: But this time with a fresh perspective, hopefully, better coping skills and and
john bianculli: and not isolating myself like I did the last time.
Dolores Albarracin: So how can you?
Dolores Albarracin: I mean, it seems really difficult, because you cannot go back to to friends who can be harmful. But at the same time you
Dolores Albarracin: don't temporarily shouldn't be alone.
Dolores Albarracin: So how do you solve that puzzle? It's.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, I have probably about 4 sober friends that I can count on.
john bianculli: So those ones are going to be the ones I
john bianculli: I'm going to try to stay active with.
john bianculli: I mean, one thing once is that some of them, that while
john bianculli: the 67 days I've been here
john bianculli: they've been there for me over the phone.
john bianculli: I'm just hoping they're going to be the same supportive whenever I get back in the city.
john bianculli: because I know some people. Okay, he's out of here.
john bianculli: But hopefully, that'll be the same whenever I'm in in person
john bianculli: as opposed to just phone a friend.
Dolores Albarracin: And how do you keep the non sober ones away.
john bianculli: I don't know that one I haven't figured out yet. I haven't.
john bianculli: Well, I haven't come across that yet, because I'm in California.
Dolores Albarracin: Door button.
Dolores Albarracin: When do people think, yeah, ideas for John.
Morgan Potts: Hit the ignore button.
john bianculli: Well, I blocked a lot of them so. But but don't forget.
john bianculli: When Pittsburgh is not that big of a town you run into people.
Morgan Potts: Understood.
john bianculli: I mean, it's a big town, but but you still run into people.
Dolores Albarracin: And what places, though, where would you run into them?
john bianculli: The Mall, the supermarket.
john bianculli: This in the everyday to day, or just working in town, trying to get to work.
Dolores Albarracin: So what happens? Let's say you find one. What's the name of one of these friends?
john bianculli: A bad one or a good one.
Dolores Albarracin: A bad one.
john bianculli: Well, a bad one. Hopefully, it's at work, and I'm on my lunch break, so I don't have time to talk to them, and that's a good exit. Strategy like, Hey, I gotta get back to work.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, do you any of the bad ones at work, actually or no?
john bianculli: I mean, there's a few people, but I really didn't associate with them at work.
john bianculli: So I mean there are. There are, I mean.
john bianculli: whenever I went to rehab, there was
john bianculli: 2 other people from where I worked at at the rehab.
john bianculli: That was why, the one time I actually had to leave one to pick a different location.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so.
john bianculli: But I mean those ones I didn't associate normally with anyways.
john bianculli: So I mean at work.
Dolores Albarracin: Ones that you, you think would become a problem for you.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, yeah.
john bianculli: Doug.
Dolores Albarracin: That's what I got to figure out.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. So what? Let's say, just to picture this, would you
Dolores Albarracin: find them in a supermarket at a restaurant. Where would it be.
john bianculli: No?
john bianculli: Well, probably one of them standing still, probably at a bus stop or.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean at the bus on a bus.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, let's say, let's look at that situation. What
Dolores Albarracin: what ideas do people have of of what he could do.
Dolores Albarracin: Keep it very, very limited, I know.
Morgan Potts: I would.
Dolores Albarracin: I've encouraged them.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, go ahead, Morgan.
Morgan Potts: Well, I I mean I I understand that it's not. It's never as simple as this. But you know
Morgan Potts: you don't owe anybody an explanation for anything, John. And if you run into Chad, okay, run into Chad in the grocery store. Hey, man, what's up? Where you been
Morgan Potts: just taking a break.
Morgan Potts: Oh, yeah, I mean, and you just learn real quickly, like, yep, anyway. Hey? I gotta run. See ya! And then you don't. You don't have. You don't have to owe them an explanation. You don't have to tell them your business. Yep. Just took a break. Went to California for a little while. Yep, hey? I gotta go bye.
Morgan Potts: I know that's a lot easier said than done, but
Morgan Potts: there's no need to get into the dregs with them, because you don't want to reestablish that relationship. Dude.
john bianculli: Well agreed, agreed on that part hopefully.
john bianculli: and a few of them were kind of stalkers. So that's the other thing I'm kind of worried about as well, but.
Dolores Albarracin: What were they doing? Sorry.
john bianculli: Waiting for me outside of my job.
Petra Teeter 237121: God.
john bianculli: They didn't know my exact schedule like I rotated my days off my time that I came in.
john bianculli: Do that? No, and
john bianculli: yeah, a couple of them kind of were standing outside for a few hours trying to figure out what my new schedule was.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, it's almost like I mean, it seems almost stalking.
john bianculli: Yeah, unfortunately.
john bianculli: But I mean the good news. So it's the
john bianculli: we relocated. So I mean, that's the other thing, too. I'm kind of glad about.
Dolores Albarracin: Add, call.
john bianculli: And we're in a better area of town. So the yeah, the security guards aren't gonna allow people to stand in front of the building like the other ones did.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. And if they do, you should probably tell them not to.
john bianculli: Yeah. Well, the new building, the security is way. Better.
john bianculli: If somebody's standing, there's no bus stops or any reason to be standing there.
john bianculli: So they told people to move along.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
john bianculli: Yeah, that part, that voting you really can't just stand there without a reason.
Dolores Albarracin: Like Morgan Morgan's ideas. What do they tell, John? I heard you are in rehab in California, or something.
john bianculli: Well, I don't know how many people
john bianculli: there. There's only like maybe 4 people that know I'm in rehab.
john bianculli: You're on the other people. I just disappeared.
Morgan Potts: You're on vacation.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Frank: Or I mean, you could also say that you have a business opportunity, you know. And with, without really getting into, you know a any more any greater detail, and just kind of leave it at that. And
Frank: I've had to to learn to kind of
Frank: shut conversation short sometimes with people that I don't
Frank: that from my past life or people that you know, I just don't. Wanna
Frank: you know, talk with anymore because it it brings up old shit and old behavior so that can be tough, though I I understand.
Dolores Albarracin: How did you manage?
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank, how do.
Frank: Well, it it was. It was a bit easier for me because I I moved to another state, you know, and so I didn't have to like worry about seeing any of these people when I would go out in public because I left the State and nobody's gonna follow me here, you know. So that made it easier. And I also got a new, a new phone, a new phone number
Frank: which helped me out a lot. I don't know if that's realistic for you. It isn't for everyone, but it worked out for me that way. No one had a way to contact me. And I wasn't really on social media anyway. And if now, if someone.
Frank: I I only have it to where people I know can reach out. And so if someone, friend request me that is either of my past life, or or whatever someone I just don't know or don't want to talk to then I just ignore them. And don't you know I I don't accept their friend request, so I don't get any contact from them.
Frank: Keeps me secluded enough.
Dolores Albarracin: Lou, you want to provide some thoughts.
Lewis: Hey? I was gonna say, because I I've gone through that before falling out with friends that
Lewis: you might have, you know, gone out for drinks with, and somebody spent more money, or you went to go
Lewis: get whatever type of drug. And someone spends more money. Those type of things this messages like you were saying, avoid any situations you could be around them.
Lewis: If it comes to the point where you actually have to
Lewis: leave altogether the location, and that's the best idea to do. You have to look out for yourself rather than
Lewis: trying to save the couple of people that you considered friends.
Dolores Albarracin: How about if you said something like, Yeah, good to see you. But I I got Covid. So I.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Can't congrat.
Lewis: Just.
Dolores Albarracin: That would.
Lewis: With my situation. It was just I was like, well, I you know my lease is running up and I'm gonna have to move. It's been cool hanging out with you guys and
Lewis: just didn't hang out that much, because then I started realizing I was the one contributing more amount of money to doing stuff. But I really wasn't always
Lewis: drinking, you know, or it was just more to hang out and be buddies. And it was like, I feel like I'm being used a little bit, so I gotta
Lewis: get out of this situation.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. So you have some ideas, and
Dolores Albarracin: I'm sure you'll, you know, figure out what to do. But
Dolores Albarracin: the question for you, John, is, how much do you value this this
Dolores Albarracin: new situation? You're in right coming out of prehab.
john bianculli: No, I value it a lot. I mean, that's 1 thing I don't want to do is
john bianculli: I mean, I'm trying to do everything right this time.
john bianculli: So I mean, with this being my 3rd stint, I
john bianculli: I'm hoping it's gonna be like baseball rolls, 3 strikes. And it's out, you know.
john bianculli: I don't want to go for a 4.th
Dolores Albarracin: Well, I you know we're all really proud of.
Dolores Albarracin: You know the success you've had, and I think you're
Dolores Albarracin: really clear on what you want what you value. And and hopefully, you can protect
Dolores Albarracin: yourself from all these potential sources of problems. Sam.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean, I have to make sure that I don't start isolating, sleeping all the time.
john bianculli: I have to make sure to what I mean. Still, keep up with the exercise. That'll be a good thing.
john bianculli: I mean, it's a matter of you have to do everything in moderation. I mean, I'm not. Gonna
john bianculli: I mean even worst case scenario. If I go to the gym too much, at least it's a healthy activity.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, yes, that wouldn't be a bad thing.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Lou, how are you gonna proceed to find a job.
Lewis: I think I'm willing to start.
Lewis: Sorry. I think I'm actually going to start reaching out more with people and socializing.
Lewis: That's been something I haven't done in the past. I would always go through online or Internet.
Lewis: or just you know, my my own search as opposed to
Lewis: socializing and finding out where people work and what's a good place to work, what's not a good place to work so.
Dolores Albarracin: So ask him.
john bianculli: One minor.
Dolores Albarracin: We.
john bianculli: One minor suggestion.
john bianculli: Just get any job that you can find.
john bianculli: because whenever you have a job, even if it isn't the best.
john bianculli: it still makes you more employable than not having one period.
john bianculli: I mean, even if it's a dishwasher. I mean, just get any type of entry level job that you can, because it actually makes you more employable when you actually have a job
john bianculli: rather than nothing. Period.
Lewis: Very, very true.
Lewis: It says she's.
john bianculli: 11 or so. If you have 7, 11, I mean some of them. They are actually paying really high wages.
Lewis: Yeah.
Lewis: My, my whole thing now is just to find something that's steady. I can. I can deal with
Lewis: not liking my job, but if it's steady, then I can definitely keep it
Lewis: as opposed to like. There's been times before where it's like the job isn't too steady.
Lewis: and it's starting to get on my nerves. Then that's when I go searching for another job or.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean construction work. That's a good thing to get and easy to find. But the problem, though, is that the job's finished, and then you have to keep looking and looking.
Lewis: Exactly.
Lewis: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: So when when do you plan on on starting this, this search.
Lewis: Well, I actually kind of already started. I stay to myself mainly if I'm going to these shelters
Lewis: because I've had a lot of
Lewis: issues with trusting people that were saying they were my friends, but.
Dolores Albarracin: A lot of.
Lewis: Think I got a job.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Lewis: Geez! No.
Dolores Albarracin: Your friend.
Lewis: Yeah, but he's he's working at this gambling Casino.
Lewis: So he's he keeps telling me that they need people. They need people, and it's out of the way.
Lewis: but I'm sure they're paying. Well, if it's a gambling Casino.
john bianculli: That would be good, because you would probably get benefits through them.
Lewis: Yeah.
Lewis: So I've already.
john bianculli: The number.
Lewis: Yeah, I do.
john bianculli: That stuff to start out with.
john bianculli: But you could. You could work your way up.
Lewis: Right, exactly, since it's something that's just starting. I could probably work my way up to being the supervisor.
Petra Teeter 237121: Is that Lewis?
Petra Teeter 237121: Would would the Casino be something, though? Are you? Are you
Petra Teeter 237121: Would that make you wanna gamble?
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm just asking.
john bianculli: Drank or drank.
Petra Teeter 237121: Force me, but I'm just saying if it were to, that would be bad right.
Lewis: Oh, yeah, that is true that it? There is that element there. But I'm I can't say that I'm super susceptible to it.
Lewis: I gamble like through a app, but that's an occasional thing. So it's not like I have.
Lewis: I have the ability to be addicted to stuff, but it is still something to look out for. Since I am, I would be working in that element. That is true.
john bianculli: Well, and the other bigger one alcohol. Don't forget casinos. People get drunk at them.
Lewis: Yeah, and then having to serve it.
Morgan Potts: Hey, Lou, if I could interject, this is Morgan and if I could interject, because I've worked in the industry.
Morgan Potts: you're not a man of weak constitution. So I know you can handle yourself. But I just wanted just to remind you that the service industry.
Morgan Potts: as you probably know, there can be a lot of temptation there. So just keep that in mind going forward. Okay.
Lewis: You know that is true. I didn't. I didn't really think about it too much, but that's very true.
Dolores Albarracin: What other job are are you thinking about? Besides.
Lewis: I'm trying to get back into resale because
Lewis: well, hold on a second. This is gonna be
Lewis: so far is here for a minute. But getting back into retail. I was telling the
Lewis: Basically, it's the the whole homeless division for the county, and they can only visit certain
Lewis: parts of the county certain days. So I met with this guy.
Lewis: and he basically said that they will set me up with 2 or 3 outfits for interviews.
Lewis: because I told him. I think that's why I'm not getting my jobs, I went on.
Lewis: Usually when I set up interviews and go on my job run. I'm trying to find.
Lewis: you know, as many places to to interview with being be seen as with as many people. So then that way I can get a job quicker.
Lewis: But it just seemed like it was that plan wasn't working for me this time. Where else?
Lewis: And I started thinking, well, maybe it's because
Lewis: I wore jeans in this interview, or I wore sneakers in this interview, when I'm used to being dressed up, and you know.
Lewis: really trying to present myself, so
Lewis: I think I kind of lost some confidence in doing that, and.
john bianculli: Well to save a buck. Have you considered thrift stores.
Lewis: Oh, yeah, yeah, that's what I'm busy.
john bianculli: Going to take you a while to find things that are decent. But I mean, if you put the time and effort into it, you're not going to spend that much money, and you can get good clothes.
john bianculli: It just takes a while.
Lewis: That's fine!
Frank: Captain's.
Lewis: Yeah, they're finding good sizing. And then also newer stuff. Yeah.
john bianculli: I mean, like the one I went to. I found 3, 95 Tommy Bahama shirts.
john bianculli: and those are normally pretty expensive at Macy's, you know.
Lewis: Yeah, that's basically my whole game plan. Then.
john bianculli: You should have seen how long and big the rack was.
john bianculli: and I had to go through about 300 shirts to find 2 of them.
Lewis: Oh, man!
john bianculli: Yeah. So I mean, yeah, it takes you a while to get to the good stuff. But.
Lewis: That's pretty much how I've been with winter jackets. I still haven't gotten an official winter jacket, but
Lewis: should be coming around the season for everybody having one for me to be able to get a good one.
Dolores Albarracin: In terms of your sort of plan for for this this phase loom.
Dolores Albarracin: you would get into the place for 3 months and
Dolores Albarracin: and have the this person was going to give you the outfits. Maybe that set up. So you have the outfits. Shortly after.
Lewis: No, no! The the gentleman that had me sign the the paperwork for the assistance.
Lewis: you know. I was telling them what was going on with me and stuff.
Lewis: He asked me why I didn't have a job. If I haven't been employed.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Lewis: And whenever
Lewis: so I explained that to him he said, well, you know we got, he said. What size are you? He just looked at me. What size are you in pants? What size are you in shoes?
Lewis: Cause? If I have khakis and dress shoes, I'm good. I could always go to the thrift store like
Dolores Albarracin: Help out!
Lewis: Kiss.
Dolores Albarracin: Identify some pieces for you.
Lewis: Right. Yes, yes, ma'am.
john bianculli: Are you in Pennsylvania?
Lewis: No. Virginia. We're about 35 miles south of DC.
Lewis: So it is.
john bianculli: Good for you.
Lewis: Fluent.
john bianculli: Something called Job Corps.
Lewis: Yeah, we have a in Pennsylvania. We have something called Job Corps.
john bianculli: And then Job Corps also has other things like dress for success. I mean, that's a Pittsburgh thing.
john bianculli: They try to see if maybe you have a job court something like that. There gotta be something through your state.
john bianculli: They might be able to help you, but just close for a
john bianculli: close you close for a interview.
Frank: Dress, for success is a national thing.
john bianculli: I didn't know that.
Lewis: Bye, yeah.
john bianculli: Yeah. I looked it up. Address for success.
Dolores Albarracin: And find the link for for Luke, for that.
Lewis: Yeah.
john bianculli: Okay.
john bianculli: Record
john bianculli: success. That one. They'll they'll hook you up with the suit dress shoes tied, I mean, literally a whole outfit.
Lewis: Right, because that's what I'm starting to see now is, even though I'm in this situation, I still have.
Lewis: You know you still want quality stuff. You still want to look a certain way. So it's hard to let go of that, even though you're struggling, is is the hard part.
john bianculli: Well, don't forget the dress for success.
john bianculli: It's donated close. Don't get me wrong, but I mean don't forget there, there are good things in there.
john bianculli: I mean.
Lewis: Yeah.
john bianculli: It's not. They're not going to send you out there with suits, with a hole in it.
Lewis: Right, right.
john bianculli: And you know what I mean. And and the one even tailored them. If you needed to order. If you needed one outward
john bianculli: that organization. They're not going to send you out there with the patches over your backside and holes in your name.
Lewis: Right away.
john bianculli: They'll make sure that you look professional because they want you to succeed. That's their goal.
Frank: Hey, hey, Bolis, real quick, are you in? Are you near to? Richmond?
Lewis: Further north. I'm about 80 miles north of Richmond.
Frank: Okay, so are you closer to Washington? DC.
Lewis: 2, 2, 1, you type in the the name of the place, and then 2, 2, 1, 9, 1, and it'll probably give me the closest one to the Zip code.
Frank: I see. Okay, cool.
Lewis: Yeah.
john bianculli: Also.
Lewis: That's how I usually put stuff on.
john bianculli: Also, too, you might want to look through programs through goodwill.
john bianculli: because some of the programs they actually give you goodwill gift cards. And then you your own stuff.
Lewis: Their own outfit from there. Yeah, that makes sense.
john bianculli: And also 2 goodwill offers job training.
Lewis: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: That's good to know.
Lewis: For sure.
Dolores Albarracin: So it seems like you have a plan, the place, the suit, the job search, and and we very much look forward to hearing about all of this.
Lewis: Oh, right!
Dolores Albarracin: When I go to pat again. I know Pat you mentioned want to say
Dolores Albarracin: with the treadmill, and then also
Dolores Albarracin: changes to your diet. Do you want to summarize for us? What what do you like to achieve in the next 2 or 3 months.
Patricia Renaud: To continue on that same track and lose weight. And just.
Patricia Renaud: you know, get healthier all around.
Patricia Renaud: That's the main goal.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, do you? Do you anticipate?
Dolores Albarracin: Or what could make this sort of non-workout?
Dolores Albarracin: What could happen that prevents you from realizing this objective.
Patricia Renaud: I don't think anything, because I just got the motivation now, and I just want to continue it.
Patricia Renaud: If I happen to, you know, fall off the track, and you know, just have somebody there to
Patricia Renaud: keep motivating me.
Dolores Albarracin: To to get some feedback or ideas.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Great and and Petra, do you plan on staying with the treadmill.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, for as long as it works. Yeah.
Petra Teeter 237121: it's just if the pain gets worse, then I'm gonna do something else.
Petra Teeter 237121: I also tried all the different supplements called S.
Petra Teeter 237121: Spm.
Petra Teeter 237121: They're like a step up from fish oil.
Petra Teeter 237121: So it's I will always try
Dolores Albarracin: But for now.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's hard when it doesn't work. I get pretty frustrated because, like I said, I've been doing this for many years, so.
Dolores Albarracin: Treadmill, and I I see Frank has a link for Lou.
john bianculli: And don't forget if they're not geographically close to you. Still call them anyways.
john bianculli: because then maybe they could take that a step further to give you resources you might not be aware of.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes.
Petra Teeter 237121: How is?
john bianculli: Appreciate, appreciate that. I'll screenshot it once I see it here in a sec
john bianculli: like with me. I wasn't aware that was a nationwide organization. I just thought it was a Pittsburgh thing, but they helped me out.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Petra, yeah, in addition to the treadmill, thinking not of supplements, but another form of exercise seems.
Dolores Albarracin: This is something that you really like, and
Dolores Albarracin: you also want to lose weight. Would there be any other form of movement that might be helpful.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm a runner, and I'm a boxer
Petra Teeter 237121: that's bold and not good for my pain.
Petra Teeter 237121: Sorry about that.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you doing all these things?
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe.
Dolores Albarracin: No, definitely, not the boxing. Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: I mean I can, but it makes stuff much worse.
Petra Teeter 237121: That's not.
Dolores Albarracin: Same day. But so thank you.
Petra Teeter 237121: The next day.
Dolores Albarracin: Not a hiking group.
Dolores Albarracin: How are you?
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, I guess.
Lewis: I could do that.
john bianculli: What about?
Petra Teeter 237121: But yeah, what about your local Mall? Do they have a Mall Walkers group like Pittsburgh. They
Petra Teeter 237121: kind of help.
john bianculli: Yeah, but in. But but they do like, I don't know some of the Malls in Pittsburgh they actually have a group that you can join, and they may not.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah.
john bianculli: I mean, it's kind of nice, because it's in the wintertime.
Petra Teeter 237121: 30 min drive.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah. I think we have lost some of those walkers, because it was not too long ago. Somebody
Petra Teeter 237121: fired shots in there, but didn't go over too well.
Petra Teeter 237121: But yes, that is an opportunity. As the weather, I mean I'm in North Carolina, so I cannot complain too much. But we do have January and February, where it gets tricky.
Petra Teeter 237121: So that is, you know, it's an option.
Petra Teeter 237121: I guess I could overcome that. I absolutely hate them all. I'm more. You can throw me in the woods, and I'll be happy.
john bianculli: Well, did anybody else look up the app, the Phoenix? That also has sober activities? I don't know if they cover every neighborhood, but if you put in your Zip code.
john bianculli: it's sober activities, like I found a group in Pittsburgh that I'm going to go to that. They like horror movies.
john bianculli: And they do horror movies every Friday.
john bianculli: I mean, it's a sober activity to do.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So you look for a group
Dolores Albarracin: to do something physical. Petra? Yes.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: 5 Year Plan.
Frank: You can check out, meet up to meet up.
Petra Teeter 237121: Have done in the past, but that was well
Petra Teeter 237121: in Texas, so I'm sure they have it in North Carolina.
Dolores Albarracin: Hey!
Petra Teeter 237121: Have you done that lately, Frank? Is that still safe?
Frank: It is. Yeah, I mean, I've I've done it. I've moved around quite a bit. So I use it kind of everywhere that I move to both for online stuff and in person. And I've never had any issues, safety.
Petra Teeter 237121: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: And Morgan.
Morgan Potts: Yes, ma'am.
Dolores Albarracin: How about you? What would you like to do in the next 2 or 3 months?
Dolores Albarracin: Where are you? Gonna take your life to.
Morgan Potts: I need to get back into taking better care of my
Morgan Potts: stop putting everything ahead of me like
Morgan Potts: I got to clean the house, got to do laundry. I got to do this. Gotta do that.
Morgan Potts: I I need to get back into that and put myself as more of a priority
Morgan Potts: rather than what I did.
Dolores Albarracin: And I.
Dolores Albarracin: How do you do it? How do you make yourself a priority?
Morgan Potts: Put into perspective that those things can wait.
Morgan Potts: And you're not getting any younger baby. So.
Patricia Renaud: Go ahead and.
Morgan Potts: Do this and take care of you, and do everything else, and take care of the house or other people later, because you have to make yourself a priority, because nobody else is going to
Dolores Albarracin: That sounds really great. And the same time
Dolores Albarracin: it's a little bit difficult for me to picture.
Dolores Albarracin: So give me an example of something you haven't been doing that that you want to do to make
Dolores Albarracin: priority.
Morgan Potts: Yeah. So I I used to love to cook. And now that I live by myself.
Morgan Potts: I'm like, I don't want to mess up the kitchen. I'll just get takeout, you know.
Morgan Potts: I wanted to get back into cooking at least twice a week.
Dolores Albarracin: That would. That would be very.
Morgan Potts: Very good for me and my waistline and my budget.
Morgan Potts: So I need to get back on that. My, that is kind of like.
Morgan Potts: I don't like using the whole New Year's resolution clip, you know, Cliche, but that's something that I'm I'm going to really get back into.
Morgan Potts: Come, January, and.
Dolores Albarracin: Starting even in December, maybe with one meal that you cook at home.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, that's great.
Morgan Potts: That's great, at least once a week, and then, you know, just bump it up a little bit, instead of
Morgan Potts: you know, running to go grab thai food, or something like that.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, I really like that idea. Any thoughts from the group.
john bianculli: Well, one minor thing that might be easier said than done, but
john bianculli: try to cut out sugared soda just by that.
john bianculli: and with your coffee. Try not to put heavy cream or things that are high calorie.
john bianculli: and I just try not to drink a calorie
john bianculli: or try not to drink something that's fattening.
Morgan Potts: Do my best. Yes, sir.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, absolutely all right. This is
Dolores Albarracin: this, I wonder? The the meal a week that you cook for? You prioritize yourself.
Dolores Albarracin: What could go wrong.
Morgan Potts: Oh, I get home late, like I'm going to tonight because I have a work meeting, and I apologize for talking to you guys while I'm driving, but I didn't want to miss this
Morgan Potts: but like tonight, I've got a work meeting at 6 30,
Morgan Potts: so oh, well, it's too late to cook. I'll just grab something.
Morgan Potts: Yeah. Doing like the meal prep would be helpful. I used to do that pretty diligently.
Morgan Potts: So that would probably be the biggest thing. Taking it off the rails would be unexpected.
Morgan Potts: typical on atypical night.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you know the of these evening meetings ahead of time?
Morgan Potts: I do so I could. I could either eat before or eat after.
Morgan Potts: probably before would be smart, otherwise I'll get hangry during the meeting.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, or cook on another night
Dolores Albarracin: for that night when you have the meeting, so you can meet before the meeting.
Morgan Potts: Yes, ma'am.
Dolores Albarracin: Alright. So the next thing we have is, you know, you, you
Dolores Albarracin: mentioned this really strong interest to potentially meet. So I'd like for you to to be able to
Dolores Albarracin: make a little plan of that if you like.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe for 1 1 meeting, how that would be, and
Dolores Albarracin: we'll definitely open the zoom room for you.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, you'll you'll all have control. So tell me, when would you? Would you like to do it?
Dolores Albarracin: I'm open to? I'm open to the idea.
Dolores Albarracin: Others.
Frank: I know.
Lewis: Try to be available. Like.
Lewis: yeah, I was just gonna say that part.
Morgan Potts: I didn't hear.
john bianculli: If we could try to pick a weekend like a Saturday or a Sunday.
Morgan Potts: Sundays would be better. I'll do everything I can.
Morgan Potts: If not, if not, live like we're doing, you know, at least participate in the the Forum. So you know, I'll do everything I can.
Dolores Albarracin: How about others?
Patricia Renaud: Yes.
Petra Teeter 237121: Would be good.
Frank: Yeah, my the spiritual practice is in the evenings, but it's it's on Saturdays. So I don't have to. I have. I have Sundays generally available.
Frank: Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: Would you like to do it like this on on Zoom? Or do you want to do a phone call, or, what's better for all of you?
Frank: Either.
Frank: Fine.
john bianculli: And.
Frank: I mean.
john bianculli: And we could keep it to zoom. And if you don't want to share your video, you don't have to.
Frank: Yeah, I think that's fair, cause you can do zoom just audio like you don't have to turn your camera on if you don't feel like it.
john bianculli: Yeah, that's correct. Or if you use Microsoft teams, there's a number you can call in on with the group meeting if you don't want to use your cell phone.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so I'm gonna ask for for somebody to create a a zoom
Dolores Albarracin: Zoom Meeting sort of dedicated that you can reuse.
Dolores Albarracin: And and then you can decide. So when would you like to meet on Sunday?
john bianculli: Well, I mean we would probably maybe it would have to be either early in the mornings or in the evening.
Frank: Got you.
john bianculli: Afternoon. I think my conflict will charge.
john bianculli: because some people kind of worship like Saturday around or Sunday around noon.
Dolores Albarracin: So early morning, or.
john bianculli: Well, why don't we do? Why don't we do? Well.
john bianculli: don't forget. I mean, Sunday is like your day of rest in your day to sleep in.
john bianculli: so maybe I don't know. Let's throw a time out there, and let's see how it goes.
john bianculli: Sunday at 3 o'clock.
Lewis: I'm available for anything after afternoons on after like 12.
Frank: Thank you. Yeah.
Frank: Yeah. Early morning is a good work for me.
Patricia Renaud: No.
john bianculli: So how many.
Lewis: Yeah, that might not work.
Dolores Albarracin: 3 o'clock on Sunday.
Frank: Universal.
john bianculli: I mean, it's not exactly dinner time, so it shouldn't affect meals.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you all on Eastern time?
john bianculli: Well, I'm gonna be on Eastern Standard time on on Friday.
john bianculli: Yeah.
john bianculli: Friday. I'll be back to Eastern Standard.
Frank: I'm Eastern as well.
Dolores Albarracin: We'll create. We'll create the zoom zoom room and send it to all of you.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: the other thing is, if you want to keep connecting. You probably want to exchange your information, or or I mean, just tell me to
Dolores Albarracin: share your contact information, or what to share with others, so you can communicate.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you communicate via email.
john bianculli: Okay, so how about this? Why don't we say, do a roll call?
john bianculli: Who finds it acceptable to share their email? Is that a good way of doing it.
john bianculli: So I mean, yes, to sharing my email. That's fine with the group.
john bianculli: Yeah, anybody else.
Lewis: Sorry.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Frank: Yeah, I just, I just shared my stuff in the chat, my phone number and my email, either one.
Lewis: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Petra, is it okay to share your email with the group.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: Blue also, and also alright. So then.
Petra Teeter 237121: Will you? Dolores? Will you? Put the like the 1st name with it in case the email doesn't show the name. Sorry.
Lewis: Oh, yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, yeah, yeah. Well, definitely, put the name with it.
Dolores Albarracin: Name along in the email, absolutely.
Dolores Albarracin: But before we go I really would like to hear from you, and and have others here. What you have to say to your group.
Dolores Albarracin: as you know, closing for this session anything you like to send others express your admiration
Dolores Albarracin: to your colleagues here.
Patricia Renaud: Just wish everybody the best of luck, and continue with what you're doing. And it was
Patricia Renaud: nice to make friends out of strangers.
Dolores Albarracin: Anything in particular, Pat, that you admire.
Patricia Renaud: How everybody set goals, and they're they're working their way through what they said they were going to do.
Dolores Albarracin: How about others?
Lewis: But.
Petra Teeter 237121: Everybody struggles of some sort, and
Petra Teeter 237121: not not good to see, but I rather have it the other way, but it just makes you feel like you're not all alone.
Petra Teeter 237121: Makes makes me feel that way. So.
Dolores Albarracin: Their phones.
Dolores Albarracin: Lou.
Lewis: I would just say I'm appreciative for all the positivity each week. You know, I need a refresh on positivity because a lot of times. I look at stuff, you know, half empty and half half full, and don't think that anything's gonna go right for me. So I appreciate positivity when I, when when we've met, I appreciate meeting you guys.
Dolores Albarracin: John.
john bianculli: Well, I mean I mean to leave everybody. What they thought of every day you wake up is a good one.
john bianculli: If you have a bad day. That means tomorrow can only get better
john bianculli: and don't isolate. Make sure that you
john bianculli: you communicate. If you have a minor failure, don't make it a total. Armageddon.
Dolores Albarracin: Wonderful and frank.
Frank: Yeah, I think it was just I appreciate everyone being here and I I think it's been good to kind of get insight from from other people. That may not be, you know. May have addiction issues or may not, or may have, you know, like pain issues or everybody's kind of got their own thing going on. But we're all able to to collaborate and offer each other offer input. Into things. And I've just enjoyed that.
Dolores Albarracin: Wonderful. Well for me it's been a real treat to get to meet you all and and honor, and and really I want to say how much I admire the intelligence.
Dolores Albarracin: resilience, and and how generous you are with
Dolores Albarracin: each other, so I hope your meeting goes great on Sunday. We'll facilitate, however, we can. And
Dolores Albarracin: I look forward to communicating through the app.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay? And and of course you can, you have my email. So you can always email me with anything.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay?
Dolores Albarracin: And thank you, all of you. Thanks also for all the help calling people, etc.
Feng Yi Chew: Thanks everyone.
Feng Yi Chew: He was so nice because I'm I'm not nice when I get a call that I don't recognize.
Feng Yi Chew: Hey, how would you.
Petra Teeter 237121: Me!
Dolores Albarracin: All right. Well, have a very nice evening and a fantastic Thanksgiving.
john bianculli: You happy thanksgiving.
Lewis: You as well. Happy Thanksgiving doing great.
Patricia Renaud: Bye.